Feature/#418 - Documentation on using Taipy Version system with Git (#742)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/knowledge_base/tutorials/version_management.md

Reviewer: In General, I would name the branch the same as the version.
We can even imagine ta new command line that would checkout the branch before actually run the app.

`taipy run main.py --with-git --experiment 1.0`

Behind the scene, the command line would do the following: 

```
if branch 1.0 exists
    git checkout 1.0
else
    git checkout 1.0
taipy run main.py --experiment 1.0
```

When developing and deploying a Taipy application, it is straightforward to manage Taipy entities

> (scenarios, tasks, data nodes, etc.) and keeps them up-to-date when the configuration changes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
(scenarios, tasks, data nodes, etc.) and keep them up-to-date when the configuration changes.
```

In the following, we will use a basic Taipy application example defined in `main.py`.

```python linenums="1" title="main.py"
{%
include-markdown "../../manuals/core/versioning/code_example/main.py"
comments=false
%}
```

> Prerequisites of git is required to follow this tutorial.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Basic knowledge of Git is required to follow this tutorial.
```

Reviewer: A basic knowledge and an installation.

> # Initialize a Taipy application

Reviewer: Actually, you are initializing a git repository. 
What abt changing the tile to something like one of the following proposal: 
- Initialize a Git Repository
- Set up a Taipy application in Git

Author: How about "Set up the Taipy application as a Git repository"?

Because we can init git whenever, so it's kinda hard to give a general example

Reviewer: Yes. I like it.

Author: ```suggestion
# Set up the Taipy application as a Git repository
```

> Inside your application directory, let's git initialize the application directory by running `git init`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Your application directory must be initialized for Git. From the application directory run:
```

```console
$ git init
...
Initialized empty Git repository in ~/your_taipy_application/.git/
```

We then need to create a `.gitignore` file to ignore the `.data` directory that contains Taipy

> entities when committing the application to Git. You can create the `.gitignore` file manually

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
entities: we don't want entities to be managed by Git. You can create the `.gitignore` file manually
```

or by running the following command:

```console
$ echo ".data" > .gitignore
```
Then we can commit the `.gitignore` file to Git:

```console
$ git add .gitignore

> $ git commit -m "initialize .gitignore that ignore taipy entities"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
$ git commit -m "Initialize .gitignore to ignore Taipy entities"
```

```

Now you're ready to manage your Taipy application with Git and Taipy version management.

# Create a Taipy application version

By default, a Taipy application runs in development mode, which means entities from previous
development run are deleted before running the application. To save the entities of a run, you

> can create a new experiment version of your application by running your Taipy application with

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
can create a new experiment version of your application by running your Taipy application with the
```

> `--experiment` option on the CLI. Let's name the experiment version `1.0` and commit the version

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`--experiment` option to the `taipy` command. Let's name the experiment version `1.0` and commit the version
```

to Git.

```console
$ taipy run main.py --experiment 1.0
$ git add main.py

> $ git commit -m "create experiment version 1.0"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
$ git commit -m "Create experiment version 1.0"
```

> ```

Reviewer: I would first commit the code in a new branch named `1.0`, and then run taipy.

Author: The idea here is that the user needs to run the code first to make sure that it runs, then commits it

Reviewer: Ha yes. Makes sense. Maybe you can explain it somewhere.

# Switching between versions

> A commonly used git workflow is to use `git checkout` to switch to a different branch and work on

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A commonly used Git workflow is to use `git checkout` to switch to a different branch and work on
```

> a new application version. Let's create a new git branch `experiment-1.1` and switch to it:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
a new application version. Let's create a new Git branch called `experiment-1.1` and switch to it:
```

```console
$ git checkout -b experiment-1.1
Switched to a new branch 'experiment-1.1'

> ```

Reviewer: Actually, since you git ignore the `.data` folder, there is nothing related to exepriment in the committed code. I would simply call the branch `1.1`

Author: I'm not sure to understand what you mean

Reviewer: I mean it is strange for me to name the branch with the prefix experiment. Why not just call it `1.1`. The code itself (what is contained in the git branch) has nothing related to the fact it has run in experiment mode at first. For instance, you can run the code in a development or production mode.

Author: Ah, that makes sense 😅 Will do that

After modifying the application code (to experiment with a new algorithm for example), we can run
the application in experiment mode and name the experiment version `1.1` in the new branch. This
run will create and use entities of version `1.1` only.

```console
$ taipy run main.py --experiment 1.1
```

We then can commit the new version to Git.

```console
$ git add .
$ git commit -m "create experiment version 1.1"
```

> Similarly, we can create a new branch `experiment-1.2` and create a new application version in it:

Reviewer: Same here, I would call the branch 1.2 just like the taipy version name.
